Yeah!
Make some noise for yourself for coming into downtown Los Angeles.
Ladies and gentlemen, Harmontown is now in session. How are you tonight?
You look so much better than that. How are you tonight?
Yeah!
Let me bring to the stage the master king of all he surveys.
It's a gamer king, Spencer Crittenden.
Yeah!
Couldn't do a show without him. Lord knows he needs to hear you.
Give him some claps when he gets out here.
Ladies and gentlemen, the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon!
I am Brandon Jackson.
Yeah, wrap to the east, wrap to the west, wrap to your knees, wrap to your chest, wrap to your feet, wrap to your shoes, wrap to the rhythm, and the news.
What?
You thought I was going to say blues, but I mixed it up. Ain't it the same thing, Dan?
No.
That was just me realizing how offbeat I was the whole time.
Like, no. Okay. Thank you for coming.
All right, well.
Let's get down.
Yeah. Not a lot to share. I don't know.
It's been working hard. You know, it's fun.
Yeah, you're back, back, back. Right?
What week is this? Is this like four weeks in of Rick and Morty?
It's a little more than that, but now it's like really like in stage of like, oh, it's good to be back to work.
But now it's really like, I mean, we're, we're, things are running like a fucking machine.
Yeah.
I'm not going to lie. It is a new thing for me.
Like, I, like, it's, it's just, it really is continuing to be this thing where I'm like, are you going to fuck this up?
Like, it's up to you to fuck this up.
Like, just like what, and that's when your religion comes into it. You're like, do I believe that the universe is structured in a way that if everything is going okay for a week that it has to go to fucking shit and get all fucked up?
Like, you either have to believe that.
And it's like, like, is it okay to just be like, well, maybe, maybe your definition of things getting fucked up will elevate or something.
I don't know.
Yes.
I haven't figured it out.
Higher end fucking up.
And I do know that it's not, it's not, it's not supposed to be you.
If you have, if you have no shoes for a week, I'm going to riff a metaphor.
It's going to go good.
It's going to, I'm going to nail this.
You have no shoes for a week.
And then you're like, this is pretty fucked up, but it's normal.
So during that week, you're like, I got no shoes and Maggie likes me.
And she's like, hi, Lloyd.
And you're like, no shoes, Lloyd.
That's what they call me.
We don't have really caveman names.
Who said we were cavemen?
What kind of image?
Just because I have no shoes.
There's lots of people that don't have them.
Maybe we're in a weird country.
A weird country.
Our names are Maggie and Lloyd.
Can we not get into this, Maggie?
You fucking bitch.
You have to pick everything apart and problematize it.
I got no shoes.
And so then you go home and go, you say to your living girlfriend who always knew Maggie
was probably an issue, but also you guys have an understanding because you knew it was like
you moved in actually more out of convenience.
And so anyways, you're not dishonest.
But she's like, how was your day?
Like shitty, gotten a little tussle.
What was it, Maggie?
Because you want to fuck her?
No.
And I got no shoes.
And then she's like, this is starting about names.
And you're like, so you had a bad week, right?
And you go like, OK, I had a bad week.
No shoes guy had a bad week.
OK.
I think this metaphor is still going to work.
You got this.
So then the next week you wake up.
There's shoes.
Let's say you have a caveman holiday called Shoemus.
All the cavemen get shoes.
No, correction.
None of the cavemen get shoes.
Most of them get a BB gun.
You get shoes.
You know why?
Because you're a good caveman.
You did your fucking time.
You deserve shoes.
What are you going to do with a BB gun?
There's mammoth out there.
I know my history.
I know my anthropology.
Don't fuck with me.
So you put on the shoes.
Now you're fucking rolling.
These are the Tesla of cavemen shoes.
Yes.
And you're like, wow, feels good.
Like rattlesnakes can't bite me.
Sabertooth tigers can't outrun me.
OK.
I'm sure they can outrun me.
That's how you know why.
You know what?
I don't owe you this explanation, but I'll say this.
90% of sabertooth tiger deaths happen because the caveman
in the midst of creeping by the sabertooth tiger,
went ow, because he stepped on a sharp stone.
That's a fact.
So shoes means life.
It means you're lucky.
You're privileged.
I had no shoes.
I was, what was my name?
Lloyd?
Yep.
The caveman.
I now have shoes.
So if Lloyd starts to think, OK, now I got shoes.
So now that means, right, that I'm going to get caveman cancer.
That doesn't do anybody any good.
That's not a good thing for him to think.
That's not even his expertise.
We'd rather him think about other things.
Like the light bulb hasn't been invented.
You're saying when Lloyd had no shoes, his fear was the tiger,
the sabertooth.
Yeah.
But then when Lloyd got shoes, his new fear was cancer.
Caveman cancer.
And I think, you know, look, I am the first person to agree
that Lloyd's podcast is going to get a little less entertaining.
Once he stops going to the ins and outs of his fear of sabertooth tigers.
I do agree that that was a big part of the appeal.
But, you know, assuming the podcasts aren't what keep us happy and alive.
Like, you shouldn't be like, oh, God, a cave anvil is going to fall on my head.
That's what, but Lloyd lived with a girlfriend.
Well, that sounds like a happy relationship.
What do they mean they're living together, but they're what?
What?
Come on.
That sounded like they needed to take that to a cave couple therapist.
Perhaps perhaps the thing that will keep Lloyd from worrying about cancer is the fact
that he's got people around him who are also worried.
Oh, wait.
Oh, you that was a left turn.
Okay.
That was a left turn.
I thought I was going to say blue.
Did you?
To take his shoes and run as far away that he had to go to a place where there's no tigers
or people and just be in a field and like lay down and die from sleeping too much.
And make great television.
That's always been a part of it.
And I have never, ever, ever said like, I've never, look, I've been doing this for 20 years.
I have never made the television.
I make part of anyone's problem.
I've never done that.
Like I, I, I, I, you find me an episode of a TV thing I produce where it's like, oh,
I can see someone's upset about Twinkies.
You know, I don't, I don't fucking, that's to hack shit.
I don't fucking like blow your mind.
I tell you timeless stories about struggles and humanity.
Shoes.
I use these great metaphors to like reveal things about.
I don't even remember where I'm going.
I'm trying to, I'm just saying this is part, part three.
I think since, since I revealed that I'm too happy.
Yeah.
It's a problem.
Okay.
But you're getting, here's the good thing about getting happy is you're getting happier
as your problem grows.
Well, I'm excited to talk about it.
Because it feels like also in your therapist goes, you need to learn how to be happy.
You're like, you mean brag?
Because I was told that's how you get cancer.
And she's like, no, that's not how you get cancer.
Do you mean like Jack Ruby comes to the prison and like, or wait, no, Jack Ruby got injected
with cancer, right?
Because he, Kennedy.
Okay.
Do you think you're going to win?
Jack Ruby?
Yeah.
Do you think you're going to win the happiness battle?
Because it sounds like.
No.
Because you know what, you know what, I have a feeling, you know what I think is going
to happen?
I think my body is going to start dying.
And we'll dress it up.
We'll call it a stroke or a, or a lung collapse or a, or a gout.
Right.
And then, oh, and then everybody would go, oh, he's dying.
And then I'll go, oh, don't worry about me.
I lived a good life.
Why are you all talking like that?
I don't know.
Because, you know, I don't want to, I don't want to mock it.
I said, you're home, I want you to drink my flowers.
I heard you were dying.
Don't you think winning is, I guess I, I guess I'm like nine years old.
Like, don't you think winning is like, you don't die?
That's what, like, that's every game you play.
Like tag, you're it.
You lost.
Tag, I'm never it.
I won forever.
So if you play hide-and-seek and you stick yourself into a storm drain,
it doesn't matter if snails are crawling over your face, you won hide-and-seek.
But you lost it life.
Well, tell that to the person who said life was about being sought.
Tell that to Professor Seekman and his fucking model of the universe.
I just want to see you coming out from under a bush with slugs on your face going, I won!
Oh man, I was the king of that shit.
Like, they play flashlight tag.
I'm like, I will go where no light will go.
See, it's easy for you to brag.
See, it's easy for you to crash in my lungs and a smile on my face.
We won flashlight tag and we lost.
We sure did, buddy, we sure did.
You hid somewhere, some people were afraid to shine a flashlight.
Congratulations, the joke's on you, everyone just wants to stop playing.
There's girls here.
Yeah, I would hide.
I knew how to hide.
We talked about this.
You guys think when you're kid, you're not claustrophobic, right?
We used to hide in fucking weird cupboards and shit.
We'd be like, the weirder the better.
You'd tuck your leg and be like, man, I wish I could lock this from the outside
so that nobody would swallow the key.
Because your instinct is to never be found.
And I think it's because you're a kid and you don't know that that's a coffin.
Like, you're at a certain age, I'm going to say like 17 or something.
You're not quite like gripping mortality, but you watch your first serpent in the rainbow kind of movie
and you're like, how come that guy's going like this and screaming inside of the coffin?
And then that forces you to go, well, I'm going to have to decode why this character's acting like this.
All right, I'm in a box.
I can't get out.
There's nothing but, oh, God, oh, Jesus, God, oh, fuck, oh, fuck, oh, fuck, oh, God, being buried alive, oh, my God.
We all end up dead.
Oh, my God, being unable to move.
I got to a point.
Dan's grabbing his sunglasses.
We do a podcast part two.
You say that they're $300?
Oh, they're $300.
Dan threw them into the ice.
I bought them on New Year's Eve.
I was already high.
The store wasn't open late.
The sun was out, obviously, or I wouldn't...
But I was like, I'm high.
That was a good day.
I like New Year's Eve.
You started it out getting high and then were like, I'm so high I should get some sunglasses.
Yeah, I went to Fred Siegel with my girlfriend and I was like, let's get some crazy shit for tonight.
And then I was like, how about some sunglasses?
Yeah, but what about being rich?
And I was like, what if they were $300?
And I was like, maybe I'll wear them again.
My $1,000 glasses that helped me see because those are gone.
I don't know where those are.
I lost those.
Yeah.
That's not your problem.
Well, it's hard.
I don't know.
That's why I wore my glasses all the time.
I was supposed to just wear them while I was driving.
But then it's like, you have to carry a case or some shit.
And it's like, well, I'm not going to do any of this.
I don't understand, I know the answer is 100%.
I'm not going to ask how many of my audience wears glasses.
I know it's 100%.
But of you, let's say by applause, how many of you walk around with a case for your glasses?
Yeah, that's a lot.
That feels healthy.
I don't think all of those people are serial killers.
That's good moral applause.
Yeah.
I understand.
I lost $1,000.
I went and got things that cost $1,000.
And I treat them like they're garbage, but they're not.
They're $1,000.
It's almost like the case makes them harder.
You're just doing it to make them bulkier so that you don't lose them.
But yeah, I mean, that's so you could put it in your pocket or whatever.
But I'm never going to do anything like that.
So it's just like holding a small log or something.
It's done.
I just feel like an asshole.
Just figure this shit out or do they, they're rich and we can't see.
Yeah.
They got us right where they want us.
Our next guest is we want it by popular demand.
A lot of people said last episode, they're like, Dan, that was amazing.
Wow.
Just amazing and wow.
Awesome.
Where were you by the way?
Do you understand that every time you're not here fucking Schrab is out of control?
Is that true?
Yeah.
Did you listen to it?
Like he just like, he can't, I'll be, I'll be like, you know what's crazy about mortality
is like, mortality.
And I just like, like, you need that.
I can't compete with that.
And then they're all like, he's great.
And like, I can't argue with that.
I'm a bad guy.
But then I'm like, what was the quintessential one?
I was like, I was like, oh, do you think about death as a human?
And he's like, as a human, you're not, you're not an animal.
You're a human.
And he just went off for like, you know how he does that thing where it doesn't, you
know, it doesn't, he doesn't wait to see if it worked or not.
He like, he just, he just leans in and that's why it works.
Yeah.
Because if he did it and it didn't work and then he leaned in, you'd be like, no sale.
But he just fucking leans in.
He's like, he's like, you go, hey, do you understand?
As opposed to over sit, as opposed to over sit, as opposed to over sit.
Understand?
Not over sit, over sit, over sit, as opposed to over sit.
You said understand, but did you say over sit?
See, it worked on you.
But now, now try this one.
Hey, do you understand?
You mean as opposed to over sit?
Well, you're laughing because of, you're laughing at the fact that I nailed it.
My point.
Anyways.
All right.
Well, let's bring out the kid from the alley from last week is what I was talking about.
Mr. Jeff Davis is here.
Yes.
Jeff Davis, ladies and gentlemen, Jeff Davis.
Oh, no.
I thought you were going to bring out a trap.
No, because that wouldn't have worked.
See, I'm a craftsman.
I don't care.
Like I'm helping him.
I'm like, what would help Schrab in terms of timing?
Like, I was like, well, don't do that.
And then he did that.
I was like, well, let's buffer it.
Why are you wearing sunglasses?
I had some work done.
I had a cool ectomy.
And I don't want, it hasn't, it's.
You took the cool out of yourself?
Yeah.
So I'm, so I don't know why I would just mitigate it.
I told the story on this podcast of like, I had a therapist and
and I was telling, I know I told this, but then she, I was like talking about my childhood
and then I looked up and she had like tears coming down her face.
I was like, why are you crying?
She's like, well, it's a very emotional story.
I'm like, no, it's not.
It's not.
Like, and I'm not being a cling on.
I'm like, I'll tell you what's emotional.
I'm a fucking professional storyteller.
And, and she's like, well, maybe not to you.
Professional therapist.
I know, I think I know what's powerful.
And I was like, all right, well, see you again.
Same time next week.
I came back next time and she was like, well, how's your thing with your sled?
No, that's great.
It says Rosebud on it.
It was going through.
I don't, I'm making up that making up a therapy session.
What if, what if, what if in Citizen Kane, he just had a therapist?
Like in the middle of the movie, he's just like, I had this sled as Rosebud.
And she's like, well, see, it's like, you know what?
I'm going to go home to my wife.
Tell her it's okay for her to go out.
She was crying for less than honest reasons.
So then she, yeah.
And so she goes like, by the way, really embarrassed about this.
You asked about the tears coming down my face.
I had had some work done and I was embarrassed because it's a vanity thing.
So I lied in the moment and I feel bad about that.
And I said, well, I probably didn't say, but I said,
I said the way we say in our heads when we're just,
when we're just going to walk away and never go back.
You mean you were like?
Yeah.
I was, I was like.
You were all like.
I'm pretty sure.
Were you all like or were you just like?
I think I was, I think I was nothing like because I think I was like,
okay, sure.
And just never went back.
But I'm like, you mean you more importantly, you like, like I said,
why are you crying?
And you're like specifically because of the emotional quality of the story,
you pay me to listen to and understand and analyze.
Like that's fucked up.
Yeah.
Like lying is, if your plumber comes over and he's like, oh,
it looks like you took a big shit and you're like, don't judge.
And he's like, I won't.
I'm a plumber.
I'm just going to get the shit out and you give me 50 bucks and I'll be gone.
I'm sorry to offend plumbers.
I don't mean to make your occupation sound cheap or fucking craftless.
I know it's hard.
But I was in Boston.
And, but while he's doing it, if he's like, and you're like, hey,
plumber, why are you crying?
And he's like, nothing.
And you're like, well, okay, but it's fucked up.
If he goes, just your shit stinks.
That's fucked up.
He doesn't have to do that.
I would say I watched roots last night.
And then to come back a week later to fix your sink and be like,
you shit didn't stink that bad.
I just had had some work done.
And that one place, maybe I'd be like, well, that's a pretty honest plumber.
Like you didn't have to, you could have, because all shit stinks.
I'd be like, okay, that's cool.
He's been punching everything, but the therapy then,
that's where the metaphor breaks down.
Did you keep her?
No.
Oh good.
Okay.
No, nor did I, like, you know, say, I'm firing you because, like,
I just didn't show up.
That's what I do with all my therapists is like, I'm just didn't know I can show up.
How's your current therapist's relationship going right now?
Fantastic.
Yeah.
So good.
You guys get along?
I mean, get along? No, fuck that.
She's just fucking good.
Did Rocky get along with Burgess Meredith?
Yes.
No, he made him chase a chicken.
That's not what a friend does.
He told him he was going to eat lightning and shit thunder.
Yeah, but he told him that from out of a moving car
that he was making him chase.
Like, it's not a friendship.
It's more valuable than that.
You're going to do great, kid.
Come on, you're a bum. I'm not a bum.
Friendship is for pussies.
Has your therapist ever told you that you might get murdered to death?
No.
By Mr. T.
That's Rocky, too.
No, but my therapist told me I have a 50% chance of suicide given my...
Right, and tonight you said you weren't going to learn how to be happy,
which was the other alternative, right?
Wait, no. Did I say that? I didn't say that.
I thought you said you weren't going to find out how to be happy.
Who says that? That's crazy.
So that's why I clocked it.
I was like, write this down and don't, like, follow up on this.
Yeah, I don't... I mean, I didn't mean to say...
Good, because don't die.
We don't give Spencer that fancy of desks to not remember things.
Right.
Ask yourself if I've ever done anything cool
and before you worry if I'm just going to kill myself without any...
You're not going to kill yourself.
No, I'm not worried about that.
That isn't cool. What I mean is, have I ever done anything restrained
or, like, you know, like, I don't know what I'm going to do next week?
I'm going to kill myself.
Like, I'm not capable of that level of...
You're not going to kill yourself. You're going to get killed by the alt-right.
And we all know that.
Spencer's desk is backwards.
Yeah, it's this...
We've discussed this.
Tell me, because this looks like a backwards desk.
Yeah, but that's the whole point, right?
Well, think of it this way.
What do you think is behind, like, on the back of this desk?
Drawers.
Well, what do you think is on the front?
Fake drawers.
No, he's saying...
You think there's drawers on both sides?
No, I think there's real drawers in the back where you are.
I think there's fake drawers on the front.
Well, that's where you're...
Well, that's where you're wrong.
Oh, shit!
Wait, what? Why is there...
Now get ready to have your mind really blown.
Oh, shit.
Jeff, I think there's fake drawers on the back.
What?
This is just like...
Oh, man, this is just like the Neil Patrick Harris Oscars or whatever.
Do you guys remember that?
And everyone's like, how did they know when they pre-planned the whole show
what would happen on the show?
This could never happen.
How could all these actors do pre-scripted things?
On camera.
This is magic.
And I was like, why is anyone impressed?
And people are like, what the fuck are you talking about?
And I was like, you don't see what's happening?
Acting.
Okay, that's been building for years.
I'm just so glad that you said it inside this time.
Not out in the street like the first time.
No, I know.
He closed his own drawers.
I like our audience because what they applied is the confessional
that's been building for years.
A lesser podcast, they've just been plotting after the rant about the thing.
But then they liked that and then they waited and he said,
that's been building for years and they said, they love you.
I like them.
Well, okay, and they don't like being praised, fuck you.
I like that too.
Maybe this is a bad thing to back-control on.
We haven't brought up an audience member out of the audience on stage in a long time.
Someone gasped at that.
Probably the worst guest we could ever...
Don't you think?
Because don't you think it's usually good if somebody's like,
oh, my dad died and I did this, but somebody that's like,
I was just saying.
There's a good chance that person is...
Is it Adam Goldberg?
No.
No, no, it didn't mean that.
But don't you...
What about Schrab?
Oh, shit.
Rob Schrab!
Watch it once.
Rob Schrab.
Oh, shit.
Oh, yeah.
Rob Schrab.
What if Schrab was one of us?
That's an obligated visual dip.
Hard to describe.
Steve Levy in Two Doors.
Really, really taking me to task earlier.
I might have deconstructed you a little bit.
That's all I do is just say things loud.
I didn't say that.
Did you guys hear how strong my voice was just now
when I saw Rob Schrab?
I was so worried.
I was like, you can't be doing this, man.
No, I'm allowed to have a strong voice
until I feel like I'm tired.
I'm fucking back.
Well, Levy, can we...
Levy, can we get Schrab a sarcastically comfortable
easy chair for next week?
So he can just be my dad.
The journey can be complete.
We should have just a bark-a-lounger out here for him.
Can we just then show you Mel Brooks movies
throughout my podcast?
And you can just go,
Now that's funny.
I'll do that.
Oh, look at this.
Thank you.
That looks great.
So let's compare.
Is this better or worse than the last chair?
I'm going to say better.
Because my feet are on the floor.
And you're reaching for the stars.
This could be fun later on in the show.
This little crack here.
Looks like it's half-built.
I think my phone's going to go dead.
Oh, no.
Now what?
The show.
But with the show.
Quick hurry.
Do the show before it runs out.
I'm going to do it now, don't I?
I just wanted to share that my dad
remembered the dad-fished episode.
I texted my dad during the show
because everyone's like,
Oh, yeah.
He did text back.
And I wanted to, what did he say?
Do it in his voice.
Now, is this your actual dad that texted you?
Yes.
Because you didn't change Heath back, right?
Monday, July 16th, 8.51 p.m.
I was here with you.
You made me text my dad.
Because apparently the following exchange
was standing between me and emotional fulfillment.
I said, my show got nominated for an Emmy exclamation point.
And Tuesday, July 17th, he texted back,
Fucking fantastic.
Yeah.
You're healed.
Did he say, what else is new?
No.
Well, I mean, let's not put, you know, like, let's not,
I like, he doesn't have to do more than that.
No, no.
No.
You know.
My parents don't pick up.
Did you have more of a conversation after that?
Like, did you guys?
No.
Well, because, you know, I put out a little,
Emmy, fantastic.
And you, what am I supposed to be like?
How's the garden?
Yeah.
Why not use that as a way to open up a little dialogue
between you and your son?
It's only if you want the conversation to continue.
Yeah.
I don't care about gardens.
Not Emmy worthy.
But what about?
Okay.
No, I thought that would get a laugh.
What?
Your dad opened up a dialogue.
He didn't open up a dialogue.
I did.
But he furthered it.
He, he kicked that soccer ball back into play.
Oh, oh, oh, I see what you're saying.
So this would just continue forever.
Text your dad.
Oh, so fun to be part of an emotional epiphany.
Oh, goodwill hunting.
Text your dad.
Hey dad.
Yay.
We affected something.
Hey dad, this happened.
Good.
Text him more.
And forever.
Fuck people.
Give me an Emmy.
Don't applaud that.
Yeah.
Don't shit take people's instructions on when to applaud.
What did I tell you?
That is a bull shit.
Don't applaud that.
You're, you're a flat.
Well, okay.
We'll talk.
Your father who is as emotionally estranged as you are.
Emotionally estranged.
Yeah.
Well, you, you can hold his hand if you want.
He was mocking you.
You said problem.
Earlier.
When there are two, my role changes.
He speaketh.
I cosineeth.
But your dad, your dad said hip hip hooray and you said nothing back.
That's, that's the end of that.
No.
Well, his dad, a normal dad would say hip hip hooray.
Right.
But a, but a cool ponytail dad said, fucking fantastic.
Read a cool thing.
Yeah.
And so what?
It's really surprising.
How are we trying to spin this into me continuing to be with the old roof withholding guy?
It's playing catch.
It's not going to work.
It's playing catch with words, Dan.
It's what you've always wanted.
All right.
Okay.
I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll.
How about this?
Well, every night of the week, I'll fucking text my dad.
Oh, wow.
Yeah.
Text him right now.
Tell him to see, tell him to see Mission Impossible fallout.
It's supposed to be great.
Yeah.
Tell him to see fallout.
It's supposed to be great.
Have you seen Mission Impossible?
Now, where does the colon go in a title like that?
Mission colon impossible.
Am I right?
I think.
Yeah, you're right.
Yeah.
Mission colon impossible.
Oh no, no, no.
Mission impossible colon fallout.
Mission, the mission is impossible.
It's clearly mission colon impossible.
The colon is baked into the original title.
Okay.
All right.
Just tell your father you love him, Dan.
Tell your father you love him, Dan.
Tell him.
I prefer to go with a more possible mission.
Have you seen Mission colon impossible colon fallout?
This is.
Peach with ghost protocol.
As far as I'm concerned.
It's supposed to be, it's supposed to be really good.
I haven't seen it.
Well, he's going to ask why I'm asking.
And the answer is because it's nice to hear from you, Dad.
I appreciate the.
Oh, you can tell.
Is that what you want me to text?
The connection.
It's nice to hear from you, Dad.
I appreciate the connection.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Can we, now that you have given him some information about yourself,
can we maybe ask about him?
Ask him a question.
Thank you, Brandon.
What should I ask him?
You should ask him if you've seen.
How's your.
Have you seen mission?
Did you hear?
You should say.
Did you hear about these nuts in this Emmy nomination?
Oh, no, I already come on.
You're trying to trick me.
No, no, no, really.
Maybe you should say, maybe you should ask him what he's been up to.
What have you been up to?
Oh, yeah.
I miss you, father.
What?
What have you been up to?
Question mark, and that ends that segment.
Everyone backseat drives my fucking relationship with my father.
In spite of me giving you complete fucking control over it,
you will never learn the lesson that the road leads nowhere.
I think it's fun.
Drive it off a cliff.
I don't fucking care.
Thelma and Louise, my life.
He pieces of shit.
Maybe love grows on trees where you live.
Don't fucking bully me.
All right.
Everybody's a piece of shit.
I can turn off my fucking feelings like a light.
Oh, God.
No, Collins.
I don't think two women driving a car off a cliff to commit suicide.
It's exactly the same.
It's the same as saying, hi, dad.
It is exactly the same.
It's not the same.
Don't you ever try to take that away from me or my gender?
Don't do it.
Here's something I haven't ever seen long his good night.
And I just watched it recently.
Pretty good.
Let's do a scene from it.
The long kiss good night.
Hey, what are you doing?
Hey, hey, hey, how'd you get it?
Oh, God.
Oh, yeah.
It flies backwards.
And out of the story.
That was a long kiss.
Good night.
I have to rewatch that movie.
It's pretty good.
I think it might be Dutch.
I don't remember that much Nospiratu in it.
Have you seen the Franklin Jell-O Dracula?
Not for a long time.
Let's see a scene from that one.
Let's see a scene from Franklin Jell-O Dracula.
Oh, a wolf man.
But you have to mention the camera.
20% of the movie is a camera facing down the side of a building
with Franklin Jell-O moving his hands,
green screaming up the side of a building.
He's either coming for Renford,
he's coming for Lucy,
he's coming for Free Pretzels,
he'll Spider-Man.
That movie should have been called Spider-Man.
Renford.
Renford?
What's his name?
Bam, bam, bam, bam, bam.
BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM.
Oh shit, hey, hey, what are you doing up there, what are you doing?
Sanford, you will obey me.
No, no, I'm Renford.
Oh, oh, I'm going, I'm going.
You have no faith Sanford.
I'm going, I'm going, I'm going.
You eat that cockroach.
I'm eating that cockroach.
I expected you to be harder to command.
You are known for your fortitude.
That's some lazy improv, I just kind of go, eh, fuck it.
That was Renford and son.
Renford.
You like that, that Trob Nile, just like, uh, Sanford.
No, I was trying to let them know there was a guy named Sanford once,
and you're like, oh, more like Renford, like, yeah, well, we,
what do you think the name is of the Dracula's thrall?
Renfield?
Oh, shit.
But you know what, dumb name.
Renford.
If I had a thrall.
Renford, the big red dog.
Was, was, was Renfield a vampire or what?
Why is the-
He wanted to become a vampire.
And in exchange for that, he agreed to eat cockroaches?
Why is it baked into his character that he has to eat cockroaches?
We've got three movies I could name where he eat cockroaches.
I think he's just like a mess. Like, he was just kind of like,
it's just a, like, Dracula, like, sucks some of his blood.
Yeah, so like, Brom Stoker clearly, like, said, like,
oh, when he ate a roach, and then every person that makes a movie is like,
well, give the people what they want.
They want a fucking bat person.
They don't need no fucking Renfield's eating brother.
Well, that's why they got Dracula.
It's not Renfield the movie.
It's not Brom Stoker's Renfield.
Yeah, some Batman movies have robins, some don't.
Sometimes they have Batgirl, sometimes they don't.
Like, sometimes they have a Batcave, sometimes they don't.
Every Dracula movie is like, oh, there's a Renfield,
and he's like, mm, gotta eat that roach.
Otherwise, you wouldn't know who I was.
And I'm like, why is he eating roaches?
Does he wish that they were people?
And he doesn't, he wasn't a vampire?
Yeah.
But then he's like...
Like, it's a, it's, it's, I'm telling you, it's a mess.
The movie's a mess. The story's a mess.
They should change it. Then they'd be famous.
I also feel like in a very, in a very nerdy sense,
roaches are probably really cheap.
Well, yeah.
On set.
Oh, on set?
Yeah, so they were like, you get spiders, rats,
or you got these roaches for like eight for a dollar.
And production was like, fucking, he's eating roaches.
You think that Brom Stoker described him eating
in a really expensive spider.
And he ate the most delicious, multi, huge,
like peacock spider, rare species from South America.
And then, and then the first movie got made and they're like,
well, isn't there really just a roach?
Like the line producers going, I don't know.
I mean, like these spiders are pretty expensive.
I mean, isn't a roach just a spider missing two legs or something?
And we can only afford this leg, man.
I went to a community college.
For me, most important building, the cafeteria.
Every scene should happen in there.
Yeah.
What's with, what's with all this,
Abbot's apartment, Annie's apartment.
People gotta eat.
Put them in a cafeteria.
It's half a sound stage.
It's already painted.
Hey, can we put it in the cafeteria?
I know it's a spaceship, but could it be a cafeteria ship?
I don't want anybody inferring from that that Pat Kenlon,
the line producer of community,
was anything less than a wizard and a supportive ninja.
It just did become a running joke that when we were writing something,
I'd be like, can it be in the cafeteria?
Because he would ask that.
That was his job to ask that, but he wasn't stingy or unsupportive.
Sorry, I'm sensitive to people's legacies.
I'm ready to die.
I'd like to leave a fucking footprint without a turd in it.
Or enough of a turd that the footprint would be shaped like a middle finger.
Who stepped here?
Fuck you stepped here.
You sure did.
Where were they going?
Your mother.
Why?
To fuck you, her mother.
Yeah.
Why couldn't you say that?
I don't know. I'm getting confused.
Have you been drinking?
Maybe.
Fuck you.
Oh shit.
Sorry everybody.
No.
This bit went over pretty well last time.
MC gun control.
Thank you.
I don't have to change the t-shirt now.
Here.
I am a character that is a rapper.
I have a high voice.
Do we have a beat?
That's a good beat.
It's a very clear and distinct beat.
Okay.
Opening titles for a David Fincher film.
Or a beat.
Yeah.
That was a good call.
I'm here with my white friends.
Making a movie.
That sounded like a David Fincher soundtrack.
MC gun control.
Oh, this is nice.
I just wanted to explain my bit.
And then we could be done.
I didn't need to rap.
But that would be ridiculous.
But if I did, now I'm curious.
What if I did want to rap?
I just want to see.
Is somebody's phone on?
This is excellent.
Is that...
Turn the beat up a bit.
Is that rock?
The path of least resistance.
Turn it off.
You know what I'll do?
Yeah.
There you go.
Okay, sarcastic.
Yeah.
East. West.
West. West.
West. Disney, politic.
West.
West. West
West West. West.
West. West. West.
West.
Tell what I'm in favor of.
I fucked your mama so hard, I had to savor her pussy.
I had to savor her pussy.
Yo, I savor her pussy too.
Oh no, I'm a seed.
Hold on.
You can say it.
Dad.
That's right, I'm here to take you home, MC Gun Control.
But.
But nothing, the time of your ambiguity driven sketch character
has come to a close.
No.
Clarity is the new name of the game.
I fucked your mama and you know that I knew her name.
I have the answers on MC Gun Control's dad.
I'd never fuck you in between, and fuck you good or bad.
There's always a clear answer.
I fucked your mama and I am a tiny dancer.
What the fuck are you doing?
I'm taking your throne.
Then I'm suing.
Take me to court.
I will.
The next day in court.
Hear ye, hear ye, I'm MC Judge.
I'm a third character that goes back and forth
between the knob and turning.
All rise for me to have a judgment in the case
of MC Gun Control versus his dad.
Thank you, your honor.
Yo, I'd like to make the case against this motherfucker.
I'd like to talk about how he never raised me right.
I object.
Sustained.
Oh, shit.
Sorry, sorry.
Sustained.
Well, I already wanted to sustain it.
Okay, well, you're still not supposed to say it.
Fine.
Sustained.
Is that good?
For who?
Me. No.
You mean I wanted to be, what's the other thing?
Overruled.
Is it overruled?
Yeah.
Good.
I'm being sarcastic.
I sustained it.
Sustained and a judgment.
Yeah.
And that, you're telling me that's bad for me.
Look, man, I'm just a judge.
My story goes back beyond the ages.
Hit it.
Yo.
Back beyond the ages.
Judge rep.
Yo, backstory judge rep.
Ask not what you can do for your country.
Ask what your country can do for you.
This is the backstory.
I got it backwards.
To the judge.
But you'll figure out what I meant.
Yo, Mr. President, I'm not a judge yet.
I'm still a lawyer, but I gotta warn you.
I find you guilty of about to get shot.
Ask not why I would be shot,
but how I would be shot.
No, he won't listen to me.
Yo.
Yo, nobody listen to me.
I'm just a backstory judge.
Listen to my story.
I tried to warn JFK and he didn't listen to me
and he got blown away.
Now I got a gavel in my hand.
I try to meet out justice all across the land.
I try to hammer it here.
Try to hammer it there.
I heard a case the other day about a woman
versus her own hair.
Cut to that, cut to that case.
Otherwise, that was a bad rhyme.
All right, fuck you guys.
You're like my rare, rare part.
You know what?
I'm at the, my hair strangled me
and I'm suing it for damages to my throat.
Ma'am, I'm a man.
I know you've been thinking I was a lady.
It's important to get this across.
But, you know, you shouldn't represent yourself.
No, I know.
That's what my hair said.
I hope that, I hope that I try a case of true importance.
What would that be like?
Excuse me, Your Honor.
Yes?
I have apparently a rap for you
about how I would like to sue my father.
Go on.
Yeah.
What?
Me?
No.
What?
Yeah.
Okay.
All right.
Let me explain how the legal system works.
Wait.
If you want to sue somebody, you can just sue somebody.
It's not up to the judge.
I'm not like a barista.
It's not like the genius bar.
And request a lawsuit?
No, it's not going to help.
That would be a terrible structured system.
You can't...
That would mean that you had more recourse to justice
than a normal person.
That would be really fucked up.
Say no more.
Here's a gun.
Uh-oh.
What do you mean?
Why are you giving me a gun?
I may be for or against it.
But I would be ashamed to let it out of control.
Beat.
Oh, God. I'm going to die.
What do you mean, beat?
What a terrible time for a beat.
Don't point at him. You said beat.
He's just...
No beat.
What a terrible...
In a world where there's no wrong answers
when it's time for a rap.
A guy pulls out a gun.
Let's just say, beat.
Oh, I'm going to get shot.
I don't know about it.
Beat.
Look, I'm just trying to fill time
so that you guys can get home.
Hell yeah. You're doing a great job.
Our soup is almost done.
Our cup soup is almost done.
What have you guys been up to this week?
Have you learned how to make that
Mac of yours
download the World Wide Web yet?
Yep.
I would do my vocal exercises
if my voice is getting stronger every day.
What kind of... Are you doing any diphthong
and tripthong slurs?
Oh, shit.
You know I am.
How do they differ?
I couldn't tell you.
Well, no, I mean in number.
The tripthong is three.
I got a little piano app
where I have to see
where my vocal ceiling is every day.
So I start...
I think I'm at
B4.
And I
have to sing that note every day.
That's my ceiling.
And then you're done when you get to after.
Yeah.
It was Brandon's idea.
I saw it in his eyes.
Good job, DH.
B.
Look, I don't need to...
All I do,
I show up, I try to entertain you people.
You're doing great.
No, I don't need that.
Dan, tell you a new favorite joke,
the cancer joke.
What's the difference between me and cancer?
That's your new favorite joke.
Cancer?
Cancer.
Remember this?
What's the difference between me and cancer?
I...
No.
Will go away for $50.
B.
We told this joke.
I don't remember.
What's the difference between me and cancer?
If you get me,
you
have
some support from your government.
I told...
I told you this joke a few days ago,
it was your favorite joke.
Okay, well...
What's the difference between me and cancer?
Dan's favorite joke.
Clearly, you know that sometimes I drunk.
What's the difference between me...
What's the difference between you
and cancer?
My dad didn't beat cancer.
Yeah!
That is an incredible joke.
It's a fucking great joke.
That's fantastic.
Was that on stage?
No, we didn't...
Me, you and Dina were hanging out.
It's so dark.
But it really is perfect.
You guys, you're hanging out a lot.
I'll see you guys once a month.
From a joke's perspective...
Yeah, it is.
I like it.
It's like a little piece of origami
that's not precious,
but also isn't, like, hack.
I'm sitting at home.
Staring at the ceiling.
We're telling hilarious cancer jokes.
The only thing I have is my dog.
You're married.
She's playing magic cards with you, though.
Yeah, you should learn. It's fun.
I hate games.
You have a dog and you're married.
I have a dog and I'm married.
Well, who needs friends?
What's the difference between your wife and the dog?
Your dog's not going to leave you
when he hears...
That you have cancer.
I'm all alone and I have...
Oh, my God.
We're just riffing up here.
It's a riff.
What if your dog left when he found out you had cancer?
That'd be the fucking shittiest dog in the world.
I told you this. I didn't tell you...
Maybe I didn't tell you this.
On Kate's birthday, the cherry pie story?
No.
It's just an evocative dessert.
Somebody in the crowd knows about it.
A very self-satisfying baker back there.
So it's Kate's birthday.
And we go...
We get up in the morning.
We go to the gym.
And my trainer goes,
Today, we're going to do push-ups
until you can't anymore.
And I go,
Fuck!
And then I do it and I feel like shit.
And I pay him and I leave
and I walk outside. It's hot.
It's awful.
And Kate goes, we need to go to Whole Foods
for some cherry pies for my birthday tonight.
And I'm like, I'm on it.
I'm on that. I'm totally on it.
Feeling a little queasy.
Can we go home immediately after that?
I think I need to lie down after
getting hurt.
And she goes, no problem.
So we get there, we get the groceries,
put it on there.
I'm like, stomach's not feeling all that great.
You're in the car and the traffic's
a little herky-jerky. Stop starting.
And I go, try not to break so hard
because I feel like I might
And I puke all over the birthday pies.
And I look up at Kate
who's going
Happy birthday to me.
You puked all over the birthday pies.
All over the birthday pies. We got new pies.
We got new pies.
We got new pies, but I puked
twice on it.
I'm like, I'm so sorry.
She's like, it's fine.
It was not fine.
It was awful.
I puked all over that.
And I don't know,
something happened when I puked
that I hurt my shoulder.
I mean, your body is doing a thing
that you never thought it would do.
So for the next couple of days,
I have a major pain
and I have to remember that it's because you puked.
Yeah, because I puked all over her birthday.
And so
I go, oh,
when I went back to get the cherry pies,
I bought some
bengay to rub on my shoulder.
And I left it out in the car.
I'm going to go outside.
Lately, it's been a furnace outside.
It was like 122 degrees
in the valley back then.
My car was outside.
Open up the door, grab the bengay.
Oh, it's a hot tube.
I'd better go back inside
because it's so hot. Oh my gosh, it's really hot.
Woo, woo. Thank God for AC.
This is going to feel good.
Haven't used bengay in a while.
How long?
A couple of decades.
I'm so proud of your generation
that you weren't like,
ah, bengay, how long?
That was like,
every time I see a tube of bengay,
I am forced to do this.
I've lived in Los Angeles for 20 years.
I have nothing but shame about this,
but I see the words and I go,
bengay, how long?
And I am so proud of you tonight.
Like, there are some things
that just get solved over time.
Why is it called bengay?
Why? Why is it called bengay?
Is there something in the words
that say, cream that you put on
when it hurts?
Ben Hur said to his
brother bengay,
let's
switch.
What's the joke?
It's red buttons. What the fuck is the joke?
Never had a dinner.
I didn't know this joke.
Ben Hur who said to his sister
bengay, let's switch.
Never had a dinner.
Alright.
Ben Hur said to his sister
bengay, let's switch.
If we'd be bengay,
never had a dinner.
It's not funny.
We would literally
go up to each other on the playground,
we would walk up to each other
and we would say, say bengay.
That's all we would do.
We would say, say bengay.
And they would say, bengay.
And then we'd say, how long?
That's it.
That's how hard it was to be gay
when I was a kid.
How easy it was to be funny.
Well,
I want to know what happened with the hot bengay.
Okay, so run inside.
Oh, it's hot, it's hot, it's hot.
Kate's off doing something, running errands.
And the bengay's been in the car.
How long?
Couple days, couple days.
Anyway, I go in there
and I open up the thing
and I squeeze it
and because of the heat buildup
it goes, boom!
It splatters all over my head.
It's like, oh, it's like Peter North
all over the place.
And I'm like, oh, shit,
waste not, what not, better rub it in.
Waste not, what not.
This will probably make
my shoulder feel better, quicker.
And I'm rubbing it in and I'm rubbing it in and
and I forgot.
Did you rub it on your face?
Look, yes.
I forgot that
bengay heats up
after a while.
Isn't that a bit in
Revenge of the Nerds or something?
Well, but
I wanted to pause
the commentary here because I wanted to say
I thought
it was going to be hot because it was in the car.
It was.
But it was hot and it was
pow!
It built up, it was just a little
and it just exploded.
And you're like, oh, hotter than
regular, hotter than
first contact with bengay.
Mostly it was like volume.
It was like, wow, that's a lot.
It's like a lot of bengay.
And I just rub it in.
And I forget that after a while
it heats up.
And somewhere between pop
and it heating up,
which I'm thinking is like about
two minutes,
it's called the refractory period.
It's called
the refractory period.
Tell me if you repeat it.
I was ashamed of it the first time.
During the refractory period
I
must have touched
my shoulder,
my face,
my neck, my balls,
my dick, my asshole, my knees
or whatever.
There's just a roadmap
of what I get to myself
and get rid of all of this bengay.
And I start going
ooh,
ah, that's a little uncomfortable.
I hope that doesn't get any worse.
Oh, oh, okay.
Okay, getting real.
That's gotta be it. No, no, coming more.
Holy shit. Oh my god.
Rolling on the floor.
Scream crying.
I'm in living room floor going,
ah, oh my god.
Help me, help me.
And I look up
and I see my dog on the couch
looking down at me, giving me
the same look that Kate gave me
when I threw up on her cherry pie.
Just,
you've
really, this is, this is what I,
this is what I signed up for.
And I go, ah,
you don't understand.
Lolly, it hurts so much.
Daddy made a bad mistake.
Oh, I mean,
he forgot it burned.
The dog is like, you have the power
to open and close the door.
Yeah.
Like,
you, you, the,
he who opens cans,
this is what, this is what you're vulnerable to.
I know. A tube of,
of something smaller than a cat.
How did you get from
an explosion of bengue down to your balls?
Why did that become a thing?
I, I don't know. I just, I guess,
well, it had been three minutes.
And he was alone.
What do you think he was going to touch?
An atlas? Yeah.
Very true.
The world's been
explored. Yeah.
I, I, I made pickled
eggs one time when I cut up some habanero peppers
and I was making some of the best
pickled eggs of all time. I hope this has nothing to do
with anything.
And then an hour or two later
I masturbated,
but I had forgotten
to not wash my hands a million
times. And my
dick was on fire for a week.
I've masturbated.
It's not a fucking alert.
Like, you, like, you cannot
cut a habanero pepper and then touch
anything forever for the rest of your life.
When I was like
15.
And I'm, so I'm talking fucking
back to PPS jerk it
stories.
It's your tax dollars at work.
Like I've talked on this show about how when I,
I was like 11, when I hit 11
it was no turning back. It was
Inspector Gadget. You were going to keep on aging.
Yeah.
So when, but when I'm
at, I'm, I'm 15 years old
and it's just, there's
no, there's no stopping. It's just, it's
just a round the clock fucking union
job, like jerk it off.
And, like, I
literally, I would literally like go in the
my, my own house's basement
like, you know, 15.
So I live with my parents like doing so much
that I'm like, just pretending
I have a reason to be in the basement
which is so mythical.
Like, like, like, I was
that, that, that meant that I had jerked
off so much that everyone knew that's
all I did in my room.
And that I was like, I'm going to change a fuse.
What it was I, like, I had so much jerking off to do.
And I
just remember like, I
you know, it chafing
and then, like
trying to employ a product
because I had seen in the movies or heard in
popular culture that, you know, like the
lotions and the things and I remember trying
to use some product.
I don't remember what it was. It wasn't
it wasn't anything comedically harmful
like, like, like
Ben Gay or mentholiptus like, like, oh it burns
or anything like that. But it also was
not idealized for
what? What'd you say?
How long?
I thought, I thought you were, I thought
but, but, but all I remember
all I remember
is, uh, is the
result which is that, like, I just after going
to town forever
uh, uh
sometime around, who knows why I stopped
long enough to notice anything.
Maybe there was a solstice. I don't know.
But I remember
like, looking at my
little penis and being like
oh, like, I
I was, I had to
go to my parents. I didn't have to.
I did. This is how alarmed I was.
And I
I was like, I didn't show them but I was
like, I think I
fucked up.
What were they, what were
they doing? What were they doing?
Was your dad, like, building stained glass?
Watching blazing saddles and my mom
was knitting? I don't know.
And I'm like, I, guys,
I need to ask a question
about
what it's possible to do
to your penis
if you do nothing but
I, and, and, and guys, remember
I, because I was like, I am alarmed
it, it looks
when I say
shriveled
I want you to understand
that I'm, it is a pre-shriveled
penis. Like, I just, it is,
it was, it was sort of like, there was
a, it, it, I remember
being scared that it had
this like, it was like,
it was like, like, shaped
like, like, like, there was something wrong.
I was, I was like, God, I broke my dick.
I can't remember what it was. It was
like, to me at the time I was like, oh God
I made my dick, like, what would we
would later, if, if, if
Game of Thrones was on at the time I would
have been like, oh God, I turned my dick into
a stone disease. Like,
like, it was like, it was
like, it had like, it had like, scales.
Yeah. And I was like, what
have I done? Is that just a thing that
happens when you use the wrong
product on your dick? Why, of course
it does. What was I thinking? Why would it
just put anything on my dick? And the answer
is, you know,
shoot first, ask questions later. I, is the,
I, you don't, you're not,
you're not, you're not thinking, you know,
you're not, you're not, you're not, it's not
a heist. You don't like, roll out a blueprint
and be like, here's how we're going to do it
for the maximum results. You're just, I mean,
if you're, by the time you're going through
a closet, you're like, a fucking
desperate man. Shoot first.
What, what, what was the, uh,
cure? No.
No, let's go slow. Okay.
How, how did
you establish contact? I,
I, I, all I remember is, because
I, I think I blocked a lot
of it out because it's just so humiliating
to think about, but like, I,
I remember, I know the fact that I did
because I was so concerned
that I, because I was like, well, this might be
a thing that, you know, you don't want
the story 20 years from now to be
and then I didn't say anything
and then my dick dissolved.
Right. So I was, I was,
I was in my head, the only thing more
powerful than my horniness
and later I would find out, you can't
do anything to a dick to kill it.
We wish.
I just wish I had known that. I thought it was
a unicorn. I'm like, hey friend, what can I do
to keep you alive?
You can't fucking,
you can put one of these things in a
pair of pliers and like, it doesn't
can't, what, what, what, yeah.
Like, like that's the thing that nature's going to make frail.
Um,
all right. I hit a, I hit a,
I hit a, I hit a nerve.
Um, the, the, but I was like,
I was like, I was like, I'm worried about it.
And it's like, I broached the subject with my,
my mom, I think my dad too.
Uh, and it was like,
I think I broke my
dick. How do you
know? Is there such a thing as like,
here's what I used. I can't remember what it was.
And, and they were just like,
like, like, like so bummed
out. They weren't
really, I don't, I want to say they weren't
of any help. Um,
because they were probably like, they were
probably like, well, do you want to go to a hospital or not?
Don't tell us about that shit. You know, like, like,
does it, does it hurt? No.
It looks weird.
Weirder than a dick.
Yeah.
I mean, like, I don't, like, does it,
that's why I'm asking. Mine's 15 years old.
Does it ever, is it,
if it looks like the following,
is that I, because I used this,
I, I, I, I,
after a while, I think the message I'm getting is I
will wait for it to heal. Fuck you people.
What, what's the product?
What, what, what did you use? I can't remember.
I was probably like some kind of, like, really
specific lotion that I was just like, well,
all lotions are the same, but it was like,
maybe it was, like, a lotion for
monkeys or something.
Like, I don't, I just remember.
Turtle wax.
Yeah.
It really sticks out of my head
that I was in the basement using
it, that I was like, I had gotten to the point
where I was like, I, because they see
like intervention episodes where like the, the
grown man will just like, they won't even
explain it, but it'll just like, he'll just
have like a little corner in the basement
where he lights up his crack pipe, you know,
like, it's just like, it's become,
you know, like, and I feel as if it's just
like, god damn. You know, this guy likes
jerking off.
You're lucky that you didn't have
a black mom
who really coveted her hair
care products.
Because that
was a choice that I had to make.
What a great dress.
Did that go south?
That went south because, you know, they become
sleuths about the shit. You try to be like,
I was, I was in the shower and I was taking a
shower and I got some shampoo
in my dick and
she's not going to buy that shit.
Wait, are you saying you got it in it?
Oh, so it burnt?
It's exactly what she said holding a Virginia Slims.
She's like, you got it in your dick?
So you got it, you got it in your dick somehow.
Okay, Brandon.
So now you have to make a choice.
Do you want to fuck with Matlock?
A little
super sleuth bitch? Or do you want to get some help?
Do you want your dick to fall off?
Or do you want to become a bitch
in front of your mom? Who is ready
for that shit?
She knows it's
indestructible. It's not her first dick.
She's like, I
give two shits where my teenage
son's dick stings for a second.
You used my shampoo.
I'm going to shame you out of using my good shit.
Now, how did it get
in the tip of your dick?
I'll answer that. You stole it.
Right.
Let's keep your dick out of my shampoo.
I'm going to help you
and wait for it to project.
Is that a thing where you experiment with awful shit
that burns your pussy up?
Pineapple?
Mariatica.
No, I don't think women
need lubrication the same way.
I mean, you always need lubrication.
Don't get me wrong.
I don't think guys generate
their own.
I also don't think...
Look,
now we're getting into current events.
Yeah.
I don't use
any soap.
Bullshit.
Don't do that.
I only use Brandon's mom's
hair products now.
Because, fucking, it's top of the line, man.
It's top of the line.
It's collagen enriched.
Should we get Levy up here
and find out what he uses?
Yeah!
See, Levy is a Levy man.
There's a Levy in the house.
Don't worry.
There's another segue going to happen.
What's happening, guys?
What questions have you asked
your parents about your dick?
What do you put on your dick?
What questions?
Oh, boy.
That's a loaded question.
Is that the question you want me to answer?
What weird product did you
use as a child for a moment
made you think you might have lost your dick?
I got a good one.
Silly putty?
Hell yeah.
How do you know when you're finished?
I'm the only one that volunteered
information and got totally made fun of for it.
Thank you, Levy.
For real? Silly putty?
I had to be three or four years old
because I thought you were going to say
I had to be at a board meeting
at three...
Four Silly Putty.
We were meeting at Warner Brothers
three months ago. I had no time to fuck around.
Did you think, because you saw the commercial
and you see how the Silly Putty
you put it on like a comic book
and you smear it on and you could peel it up
and you could see the Batman on it?
Yeah, I got bored of that, I guess.
So you think you're going to put it on your dick
and then you could see your dick in the putty?
They could make his dick really big.
He sculpted a vagina.
Like a real psychopath.
I was just experimenting as a kid, I guess.
I took it out of its little red shell
and it got so horny.
My mom was working or whatever
and then I just mushed it on my dick.
My mom was working or whatever.
I don't know. I just remember
like, you know, because...
Way to shamer.
It is funny, you have to admit
that there's still an adult impulse to like...
I don't know.
There was no supervision.
Exactly.
She was in the other room working
and I just mashed
some silly putty on my dick
but I made sure I was totally covered.
I was in a shell.
You did this motion.
Yeah, that's the motion I was doing.
Yeah.
You made like a string.
You were being sarcastic.
Yeah.
It seemed pretty...
So then I just left it on.
And then I went about my day.
If it ain't broke.
I just like didn't think about it
and I was like, alright.
And then I moved on to the next activity.
What was your day?
Oh, right?
He left it on because he's like, well this actually
alleviates the pain from a slinky.
Yeah.
So you got a dick covered in silly putty
and you said, okay, I got meetings.
I got shit to do.
I got Super Nintendo's. I got action figures.
I got Nickelodeon.
It was a full schedule.
I can't be wasting my time taking silly putty off of my dick.
Yeah.
You know, like the gun at the beginning
of a movie that you're going to reveal
the end...
Did you go about your day
and then you all of a sudden made a bet
with somebody? I bet my dick's where it was yours.
It was there for a while.
My mom took me out for errands.
I was in my car seat, driving around.
And then we get back and it's like bath time.
And so...
So we can call this Act 2.
Yeah.
Maybe Act 3? Where are we at right now?
Meeting with the goddess.
No, the meeting with the goddess is...
Yeah, I don't know.
Having a good time during the day with silly putty.
Like the best time.
The silly putty on my dick.
The atonement is we come back from
a fun time junction
and
it's bath time.
And your mom's like,
we had the best day today.
Mom, I want you to understand.
Yeah.
Can I tell you a secret?
Yeah, go ahead.
So obviously, you get undressed.
She's like, Jesus Christ, what the...
What?
Why does your dick have Archie on it?
Do it.
Yeah.
And
by that time, it had totally dried.
So you couldn't get it off.
That's your deal breaker, everybody?
You couldn't get it off that easy.
So I just remember
I soaked in the tub for a while
and then...
Now your mom's
on board and she's like,
well, we were gonna take a bath.
Why did you tell her?
I was like, I don't know how that happened.
Honestly, I have no recollection.
You were working.
You heard him. He threw her under the bus.
I was so young.
Fucking shout out to moms.
Goddamn.
We would not have our dicks without them.
Huh?
The modern version of that
is every mom I've talked to
that's found their kid on the laptop.
Same age, but they're just typing in
the craziest...
Oh, that's how you think
vagina is spelled.
Four years old just trying
to figure shit out and getting rewarded
by this fucking
speaking spell.
So you put a silly party on your dick
and you left it on there and it congealed
and hardened.
And then your mom had to go to work
and fucking get it off your dick.
It was like a...
It was...
A silly party can dry
and then it turns into clay?
That's as much as I remember, yeah.
It was like a cast.
No one signed it.
I remember being pretty upset
and confused.
She probably let it slip a little bit
that she was a little put off.
You didn't want your mom to be upset.
Yeah, I was in trouble.
I don't think I grasped why.
She wasn't like, yay for experimenting.
She was like, overall, what the fuck?
And then you're like, that's not a good thing
for our mom to feel, so then you felt bad.
Throughout the day, do you remember
if at any time during the day...
I was so young, but...
I was just curious if you remember
that at any time during the day, you were like...
This is gonna...
Did you just forget it entirely?
No, I mean, you could...
Being in the car,
in my car seat,
clocking like...
This is uncomfortable.
Because I have vague memories of shitting my pants,
and then you just, like, hang out
and wait to get busted.
I feel like you just wait,
and then people start smelling, and you're like,
God damn it.
But you still feel like maybe there's some version...
I'd like to know what my four-year-old self thought.
Man, I don't know.
Maybe like, giraffes will start attacking.
I guess I was a strange kid.
I also remember this time where my dad had cut down
this tree in my backyard.
This is like... I was so young.
And I just felt like,
man, that looks like a really great place to take a shit.
Just on this cleanly cut,
like, stump of a tree.
And my parents were inside,
and I was outside,
and I just fucking dropped trow
and took a shit on the stump of the tree.
I was like, all right, well, that was interesting.
And then I was like,
well, I gotta go to the bathroom now,
because I gotta wipe.
And so I went inside, I wiped,
and like an hour later, my dad,
like...
He went outside
to do some gardening or something.
He was like, did you?
He was hoping the answer was no.
He was like, I want
the answer to be no,
because I'm gonna call Bob Saget.
Well, no, I mean, he...
I was like, no, no.
Obviously, I was like, no, I didn't do that.
And he was like, no, you fucking...
Come on, that's human shit on a fucking tree stump!
He let it slide,
but he was just like, I'm not...
Son, you did it, or we have to move.
Like, think about your choices here.
He didn't...
He didn't shame me for doing it.
It's such a shame.
I never got to fucking talk to him about this stuff.
It's you or it's Jean.
I don't think...
I kept that inside my whole life.
I never talked to anybody about it.
I don't know if my mom remembers that,
but if I knew one of the things,
I would be like, do you remember one of that?
That was... I was like, it was me.
I love that it was a clean...
Because I'm picturing a really...
Sawdust and pure...
In my mind,
I see it as perfectly sanded
and lacquered or whatever.
With a little bit of dust though, right?
Because there's a little bit of cat or dog in you
that was like, plus it's a little bit of...
We're cousins of other mammals,
so there's a common link there.
I bet a cat would feel the same thing.
There was some kind of excited exhibitionism
going through my mind, you know?
I also love Levy that if you could
have another conversation with your departed father,
it would be that way.
You wouldn't look at you and be like,
motherfucker, you brought me back from the dead
to talk about shit stories?
He would find it fitting, I think.
Do you think anybody saw...
Sawdust?
I remember the excitement being like,
I'm going to be naked outside
for a second.
I'm really nervous about it.
My yard is fenced in, but the neighbors
and could they see through, I was like,
I don't want anyone to see this.
I remember thinking that,
and then I still went through with it.
I don't know.
That's the most adventurous I'd been
until I was probably in my 20s.
Until tonight...
Bring out the stump!
Tonight, we've got a stump in studio!
Look on the rock!
I really want to share my sympathies
because I can really picture this stump.
It's got even a target.
It's kind of blonde wood.
I'm picturing a dark bark,
like a rich yellow wood.
A white oak.
It was very...
I've never wanted to shit anywhere,
except the toilet or my pants
when I was a kid.
Me too, except for that one time in my life.
And I did it.
I'm proud of you.
That's great.
Did you make it right in the center?
Did it look like a queen?
I wanted to look like a Hershey's kiss
in the middle of this giant thing.
You go to a redwood forest
and they point at the rings and they go,
Napoleon invades...
What? Storm's the best deal?
The Wright brothers
fly their plane to Kitty Hawk
with the rings on the tree
in the center of it.
Steve Levy takes a shit,
but that's not right,
because that would be the oldest thing.
And they have to explain that in the placard.
They're like, sorry.
Then Steve Levy took a shit,
but not in the stone age.
So your dad goes,
hey, Steven,
did you take a shit on the tree stump?
And you were like, huh?
Stacking block.
Hold on, Dad, hold on.
Did you take a human shit
on the fucking tree stump?
Dad, I don't have time for this.
What the fuck are you talking about?
Did I take a shit? What am I?
What am I, a fucking animal? I'm your son.
Can you excuse me?
I got blocks over here.
I got the A and the B next to each other.
I'm trying to put the C.
I just figured out I can put them in the middle.
Does that mean in order to get high, I have to make a pyramid?
I'm sorry.
You're sorry? I'm fucking sorry.
I just wasted a tenth of my life
with this shit.
I'm sorry.
Everybody's like, oh, you're so young.
Yeah, no shit. That means you're fucking with me
and draining my life.
Like, if I was 40,
I'd be like, yeah, fuck it.
Let's do nothing all day. Fuck you.
I just got here. I'm not a fuck-up.
I'm gonna shit everywhere.
But I didn't. I didn't know.
I didn't.
You know what?
You need to tend your own garden.
I'm fucking like, I might be a famous pianist.
You don't know. Don't fuck with me.
Fuck you. Fuck you.
Don't look at me like that.
It's illegal for you to hit me.
I've got you by the fucking balls.
Excuse me. I gotta answer the...
Oh, yeah, go ahead.
Hello. My name is Officer Davis.
We got some reports
of a two-year-old pooping on tree stumps.
Really?
What? Excuse me?
What?
Sorry, I don't hear so good.
My eardrums are still, like, gelatinous membranes.
We have a report
that we...
Someone matching your description was...
I'm gonna stop you right there. We have a report.
You know what? Your problem is,
your problem is you have reports.
My problem is I have fucking blocks.
Do you want me to refill that, sir?
Yes, please.
Thank you.
We'd like to bring you down...
I'm supposed to trust this system?
Can we bring you down to the station
and ask you some questions, young man?
You can bring me anywhere. I can't fight you back.
My muscles are pudding.
Do you want a lawyer up,
or do you want me to just answer questions?
I don't know what a lawyer is. Is that the same as a gorilla?
I don't know.
I don't know shit, and that's exactly what a jury's gonna find out.
If you've got nothing...
If you have nothing to hide,
then you have no...
I got plenty to hide.
Can you seek it? You don't know?
Everything's hidden from me.
I don't have any persistence of motion.
You can hide from me behind a towel.
Where were you...
Where were you two and a half hours ago?
What's time?
See ya, dude. See ya, buddy.
You're fucked, and you know it.
If you had anything on me, I'd be in cuffs.
Go fuck yourself.
Davis!
Get in my office, Davis!
This department, you cost this department
a million dollars talking to that shit, baby.
Oh, chief.
Chief, I...
You keep messing up,
and it's gonna beat my ass.
Chief, I...
I want you to find out who shit on that stuff.
Chief, I got this motherfucker, chief.
I fucking got him.
No, I fucking...
You give me fucking two hours, I fucking got this kid.
You cost this department
two billion dollars on that last case.
Now, Ia is up my ass.
Chief, I will...
I will wager my fucking badge on this case.
I fucking got this kid.
I got him. I got him.
You go talk to that baby.
We are gonna get fired.
All right.
Did he come here?
Did he come to the house?
Um...
Mr...
There is no Mr...
Mr. Lee...
My name is Pookie, Papa, Chichi, Tony.
Okay.
What do you want me to call you?
That's not up to me.
His name is Stephen.
Stephen, what did you have for lunch today?
Do you remember what you had for lunch?
What did I want to have for lunch?
Birthday cake. Sorry, I answered the first question.
What did you eat for lunch today?
I fucking strained something.
Veggie something.
What if I told you...
A choo-choo train. I ate a bunch of lies.
That's what I ate.
Sir, I'm gonna show you a picture of a tree.
Do you recognize this tree stump, sir?
Sure. Tee-tee.
Yeah? Yeah, ta-ta.
What the fuck, dude? Keep trying.
Tee-tee, ta-ta, whatever the fuck, bro.
All right. Do you want a nap?
Do you want a timeout?
I'll give you a timeout for fucking five to ten years
for pooping on a tree.
You talk to me like that?
What?
What did you just say?
You talk...
You talk to me like that again?
Oh, I'm sorry. Are you got the leverage right now?
I'm sorry. Do you think you have the leverage right now?
I'm looking at a picture of a tree stump
that's right out in front of your yard.
Ahhhhhhhhhhh.
Great.
Aahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.
Thank you.
Sir, I think your boss likes to talk to you.
I think our boss likes to talk to you.
Chief? Chief?
That is an admission of fucking guilt.
I don't give a goddamn what it was.
These words he was using, what was all that about?
We got this son of a bitch.
You better get out there and get this conviction.
Listen, Mr. Leiby, we can go round and round.
I'd like that.
Yeah.
I'd probably go to sleep.
Whoa, I'm sorry.
Do I smell something?
When you just screamed, I think you made a little chocolate poopy.
Not a crime.
It's not a crime, but what if I told you that we could match that poopy to the poopy on the tree from earlier today?
Steven, show him.
We have your mother in here, Mr. Leiby.
Okay, sorry, give him one second.
Show him what?
Show him that you didn't poop your pants or pooped your pants.
I pooped my pants all the time.
I know, but right now, I mean, this is the only way you can prove your innocence.
What if I told both of you that we found trace elements of silly petty around the poop?
What if I could match that silly petty to the silly petty that's almost certainly adhered to your penis right now?
It's my front yard. I've been there a thousand times.
My advice to you right now is to lawyer up, sir, because we've got you.
Well, my advice to you is it's a little late to tell me that.
Like, you didn't read me any rights.
We read you your rights. You just don't know how to read.
Well, you know how to read. I don't know how to listen.
Yeah, if you knew how to listen, you'd understand what I'm fucking telling you right now.
You needed to teach me to hear my rights.
All right.
And you didn't. You just read up to me.
I'm going to read you the ABCs of going to jail.
I'm going to giggle and spit.
Maybe your pant... Maybe Mr. Panda could be your lawyer.
Maybe Mr. Panda Pants could be your lawyer.
Hey, Mr. Panda Pants.
These people can't see Mr. Panda Pants.
If you believe...
That's right. If you believe, I'll represent you in court.
Mr. Panda Pants, I even need to put up with this shit,
or can I just take another shit, fall asleep, and...
What?
...to be a dentist.
If you can count to five, you can go back to sleep, my man.
Yeah.
Mr. Levy, if you can count to five, as your lawyer advised you,
then you can go back to sleep.
And this case never happened.
Talk to five in my sleep.
Well, let's hear it.
Yeah, that's fine.
Don't have to do it for you, don't have to do it for anybody.
No.
Just say anything on the bottom of it.
Sir, you don't have to do anything.
You don't have to do anything.
That's right, motherfucker.
Glad you got here.
Why don't you come here by stroller?
That's enough apple juice.
Give me a beat.
Don't give me a beat.
You know, at a certain point, he's going to leave.
Everyone's going to leave.
It's going to be me and you.
You know what?
I'm going to remember who fucking backed me up.
I'm going to be a fucking pianist.
I'm going to write a concerto.
It's going to tear you to pieces.
You're going to kill yourself.
I don't even need lyrics.
You're going to tell C-Sharp, that's about me.
Cush.
That's how good I'm going to be,
and that's how fucked up you are.
Are you still here?
This whole thing's being recorded right now.
It's all being baby monitored, too.
I was born recorded.
I'm part of the fucking new generation, bitch.
I got no conscience.
That fucking rapture happened a long time ago.
I was born without a soul.
Just say you pooped in the tree.
Just say you can walk out of here today
if you say you pooped in the tree.
Tell me what to say.
Why don't we just look at the baby cam?
What?
The baby cam is recording everything.
It will back it up.
What baby?
You got a baby cam in the front yard?
You got them all over the place.
You fucking prick.
You fucked us.
We're fucking dead.
Good job.
You're dead.
We're gonna take you away.
You think I go down alone?
You fucking mook?
Who the fuck put the food in me
that turned into that shit?
Who the fuck cut the tree down?
Whose yard is it?
Who called the cops?
You fucked.
You're fucked.
Oh, you're fucked.
You want me to count?
I'm gonna sing.
Yes, it was me.
I'd like to talk.
I got it.
All right.
You wanna wrap it up?
What?
You wanna wrap it?
No, don't.
Even as a baby, I know that's not the way to end.
That's not...
You can sing it out.
No, I sing as like a gangster term for talk.
Okay.
I didn't mean I'm gonna sing a song.
I know what you meant.
Oh, God.
All right, we won't look at it.
We won't look at the police.
Yeah, don't look at my shit.
We'll just have the police move in.
Why don't you just sit down and move in?
I never gonna go.
What do you think being born is?
It's me moving in.
Give me a fucking break, man.
I shit on your tree, okay?
You cut it down.
How do you get the tree feels?
Whoa, whoa.
We just got it.
Yeah, I know.
I confess.
We got it.
We got a confession.
You got that baby to tell the truth?
Don't you lie to me, David?
I got departments, more departments, and a grocery store.
No, we have...
They're yelling at me.
We have it on baby cancer.
Bring them into the station and make them confess.
We got a confession.
You got that baby to tell the truth?
Don't you lie to me, David?
I got departments, more departments, and a grocery store.
They're yelling at me.
We have it on baby cancer.
Bring them into the station and make them confess to me.
Or it's your ass, David.
You're boss.
Mr. Levy, I hate to...
I know you're only two years old.
I understand.
I can over here.
We're in a scene about a baby pooping criminal, and this police commissioner is still in
the show.
I want to know more about him, and I'm the baby.
We could probably take two years off your sentence if you go and confess to him.
Do you know what they say about babies?
Two years is a life sentence.
Yeah.
Dissolve to police commissioner's office.
Are these real Skittles?
I think they're breath mints.
You can touch anything you want from here.
Wand around.
But why did you shit on the tree?
Why?
Such an easy question for you, isn't it?
See from your placard on the wall, you went to what?
West Point?
I did.
I suppose all the furniture was where you could hold it.
Well, you waddled.
I walk.
Do you remember there was a time when you couldn't?
Of course I do.
I had to ask people for things.
Accountability is why I yell at David so much.
Can I smoke?
Of course.
I think we both should.
Commissioner, you and I both have a world of fucking problem here.
My diaper is a literal one.
Yours is the city.
They're both full of shit.
They both need to change.
You change me without changing yours.
You can have a lot of shit on your hands.
And I'll admit, I'm in no position to stick to my guns.
Can't pick a gun up.
Ways as much as I do.
I wish I could change that, but laws.
But I have an idea.
Two days later, at the Statue of Liberty...
A lot of babies go through the academy.
But most of them don't make it.
Make it.
It's just that a baby becomes a cop.
And that's how you become a cop, is that the Statue of Liberty?
Don't touch it.
Seal it up.
That's exactly how it happened.
Verbado.
I love it when you become a cop no matter where you live,
the statue of liberty? What's our job? To protect the statue or just liberty? I mean, look, I've
never seen Family Guy, isn't that just their bit? What, the baby can talk, right? And he's just like,
oh, I'm a baby. Yeah, who cares? I thought that's what you were doing. Yeah, well, I don't know.
Ask my therapist. I don't watch fucking Family Guy. Shots fired, fired, fired. Shots fired to my
therapist. I'm like, watch the fucking show. God damn it, I've given you, look, would you just watch
Rick and Morty? Jesus Christ, fucking therapist. She's just doing it because she knows, we've been
over this. Why does she not watch the show? I'm like, Jesus Christ, I'm having such a towel,
I gotta weigh this and then that. And I'm trying to think of, oh, wait a minute. And she's like,
you know, Peter Griffin has the thing in his, I'm like, who the fuck are you talking about? What
the fuck are you talking about? What are you talking about? Peter Griffin. I want to know,
what was, I want to know what her example was. She has some example, like he had an angel and a
devil. I'm like, that's the one reference you don't even have to make. But I don't want to make
her sound like a bad therapist. She just doesn't understand television. She understands the human
brain. You know, but then she's like TV. She's like, you know, it's funny. It reminds me of this
thing. There was this land of the lost. I'm like, bitch, update your Netflix. It's not how Netflix
works. You don't update it. And then the show's getting newer. It's not how it works. Land of the
lost update girls, girls. The sleep stacks turn into millennial women finding themselves in New
York. All right, you know, look, if it's that hard to steal focus, it means the show's going well.
The soup's almost done. Rob's right. All soup is inevitably almost done. I set you up and you
were fucking let's end the show. I guess just reminding you this one thing like there's this
podcast called the no sleep podcast. But it's like it's been on for like 1112 seasons. Like I'm
obsessed with like creepy pasta like podcasts. I was listening to this thing called creepy. But
then I realized that he keeps referencing but it's for some reason Canadians are like, like as a
nationality like Canadians like are the ones that are really into creepy pasta like it's sort of
like like the Irish are into bootlegging in the 20s. Like it's like the Canadian will look back
when they're the creepy pasta phenomenon of course was being trafficked into podcasting by the
Canadians for some reason. And it's so funny like when people are I just it's so hard to scare me
when you say a boot like it's so funny. You can't fucking do it. It's like, oh, and then I looked
in the monkey paw was a ruined the thing. And it's just like it's so adorable. It's a Canadian.
What's creepy? What's creepy pasta? It's just I think that's just shorthand for like ghost stories
that the the in the incarnation of like forum posts and stuff where you are sometimes the line
between reality is blurred as they always were with with campfire stories but now in the digital age
creepy pasta. I think it comes from copy paste. So like copy pasta which is a copied and pasted text
block. I think the earmark of a good one. Just information. Why would you what why would you do
that? Why would you do no one would do anything? It just evolved. There's just kids like telling each
other ghost stories online. You know, same thing as a campfire, but they don't have campfires anymore
because the world is on fire. Did they have to do with food? No, because I don't know it just
derives language fucking thrives. It just fucking turns into other shit. Language just lives a
creepy text block that's been copied and pasted. Creepy pasta. But I will say this. The one I listen
to creepy. There's a guy who goes, this is creepy. The biggest collection of the most. Can I just
pull it up and pull it up because because the thing is the way that the guy says the word pasta in
creepy pasta. It's like there's something like he can't escape like he's he's and when I say old
man is my age, but I'm just saying like he's so old that he like he can't say that phrase creepy
pasta without really making it sound delicious. Where he's like, I never like I just want to I
did I like live just indulge me and because I'm in a good mood and thank you. Thank you all for
another week of you know in one of these days I may have something really specific to thank you
guys for like over the weeks and things there may be certain battles that have to be fought in
silence and things and I really owe you guys a fucking lot and we'll talk about it on the other
side of of a tunnel that's going to be worth it. But I try to play the the intro of let's hear how
delicious this pasta is. I'm afraid my battery is going to go out but that'll be just cool. All right
you know what Schrab? You're just a little bit too batteryy. Didn't you get an expensive one?
What are they going to make? Didn't you get an expensive power? People that just the podcast
app is so bad and it's fun to watch you go through that live. It's so it's really bad. I just want
to also I wrote one for the if you're a patreon subscriber that he'll do one that I and I wrote
one and did he read it? Well he recorded it. Oh cool. Levy can we have a second phone on this?
Yeah. Spencer's got his phone now. I just set it down though. The only reason is this point.
I was going to help but I was like nah. Well because you knew it was going to be hard. Well I just
thought that you were most of the way there but. I think you know I think it's largely like. Oh
you have bad signal in here huh? My phone's at five percent and there's no signal and it's
ten o'clock. Well it's just let's. We'll see you for next time. Oh yeah. Sorry if I come back now.
I have a lot to talk about with creepy pasta podcasts. It's been my new thing.
Why don't Dan why don't you just cast one spell in D&D right now? Like just like
let's just say that we're in the middle of a thing and you cast one spell. Do I have any spells left?
No. Well let's say that Dan had rested in here and he has one. No let's say Dan rested. That's
fucked up. I'm sick of this resting. You have spell slots. You need to rest. All right. Eight
hours. Who has a spell among us right now? No one. Well you all have. You don't fucking DM from
the bottom. The PM. You don't DM from the PM. You don't DM from the PM. I'm top of the bottom right
now. You don't. Well then Dan use a weapon. Like do it do it. I use my cudgel. Oh it's great.
Yeah. That'll make sense without context. There you go. You hit him right in the dick.
We're all so lucky I didn't drive here tonight. Yeah man. Why would happen?
I drank a lot. Tonight. Every night. Okay. I just recently got a car. Okay. Yeah. I got to not
drive. I feel lucky. I feel so lucky. I feel so lucky that you didn't drive. And your phone is at
5% I feel lucky. Have a little soup. Hey that people think that takes you home tonight ladies and
gentlemen. Harmontown is no longer in session. Thank you to so many people but Jeff Davis,
Steve Levy, Rob Schrab, Dan Harmon, Spencer Crittendenson, Nolan Fabricius, Zac McKeever,
Chris Thorpe, Sarah Hill, the lovely Dynasty typewriter. We're so happy to have you. One more
time. A big round of applause for yourself. I've been your cop killer Brandon Johnson. Good night.
Church we love you.
Did you get any of that?